#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
anyio==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via nbconvert
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
fonttools==4.31.2
    # via matplotlib
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-server==1.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   voila
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.12.0
    # via voila
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   seaborn
missingno==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via jupyter-server
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via terminado
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
requests==2.27.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via missingno
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
terminado==0.13.3
    # via jupyter-server
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
voila==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.3.2
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.2
    # via voila
